Add SCIM setup guide cross-reference to permissions table (#5131)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/organization-workspace-operations.mdx

### SCIM

> System for Cross-domain Identity Management for user provisioning. For setup instructions, see the [SCIM setup guide](/langsmith/user-management#set-up-scim-for-your-organization).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
System for Cross-domain Identity Management for user provisioning. For setup instructions, refer to the [SCIM setup guide](/langsmith/user-management#set-up-scim-for-your-organization).
```
